---
layout: post
title:  "Driving through Interstate 5."
date:   2023-09-16 22:00:00 -0700
categories: jekyll update
published: true
---
📍 Los Angeles, CA

Every experience in life offers an oportunity to learn about the world and to be a better human being. Although we all know this, adventures are especially prone to this phenomenon. Usually, adventures will not let us decide what we learn. That's the point of an adventure.

I cannot put into words what made me want to visit Los Angeles for the first time, especially alone. Maybe it was a combination of different factors, but regardless, I was on the road within one week of deciding that I needed to embark on this adventure.

Interstate 5 left me speechless, despite driving alone and not needing to use my voice. With mountains like gold and a sunset like neapolitan ice cream, I was left wondering when I would be able to make this drive again. California is a special part of this world, and I am lucky to be a part of this state.

Currently, I am writing from Motoring Coffee in Los Angeles. It is rare to find somewhere to sit down and sip an espresso, while just feet away from a Ferrari 348 Challenge and a dozen other rare vehicles. There is something special about combining two seemingly unconnected worlds, like coffee and cars: If anyone ever needs an idea for a brick-and-mortar business, consider a museum-themed coffee shop.

On my way to Los Angeles, I must have seen around 200 18-wheelers during my seven-hour drive. My younger sister, who I had on the phone for the last hour of my drive, made a phenomenal point: Most goods labeled as 'Made in China' have most likely stopped at California at some point in time. As of today, California boasts the 5th largest GDP in the world, proving just how monumental this state is for the American economy.

As a young man from Pittsburgh, it's difficult to comprehend what contributes to California's prosperity. As I walk through the streets of San Francisco each day, I am faced with the harsh realities of today's inequalities. What prosperity? There is no feeling more sad than seeing countless daughters, sons, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, and someone's loved ones living on the streets of San Francisco. Homelessness and Pittsburgh is oxymoronic, or maybe I am privileged to be able to say that as I grew up in the quaint hills of Mount Lebanon, a community-centric township in Pittsburgh that is known for its "bubble." That said, I had never seen a homeless person until my 21st year on this earth, when I spent a summer in Manhattan.

It might be tempting to be angry, disgusted, or spiteful towards the homeless population. However, I hope we can all acknowledge that sometimes we make poor choices in life. Other times, we've simply been dealt a bad hand. Remember to be kind to those on the streets. We don't know their story. We can guess, but we don't know. In other words, if you're going to throw away that slice of pepperoni pizza that you weren't able to finish, consider passing it off to someone who might need it. I can tell you from experience that the gratifying feeling you get from an act of kindness like this one doesn't disappear with time. If you are a San Francisco local, consider volunteering [here](https://www.sfmfoodbank.org/volunteer/) if you would like to give back to your community.

We all have a moral obligation to try to help and pick up the man or woman next to us when they've stumbled. It doesn't matter if you're a Christian, a Muslim, an atheist, an agnostic, or if you believe in butterflies. We're all human beings. We've all once fallen in love. We've all ridden a bicycle for the first time. We've all felt shame and grief. We've all laughed and cried. And we've all chased ambition and aspiration. We're human. You, me, and the person sleeping on the street.

I would like to close on a few final thoughts:
1. There is beauty in the world around us, even if it doesn't make sense (e.g., coffee and cars). The hardest part is allowing yourself to be vulnerable and open to whatever conclusion you are handed. Once you become intentional about seeking beauty, you'll find it.
2. You have a moral obligation to love those around you, regardless of where you've come from or what you believe in. Love is a complicated concept. I am still unsure about whether I truly understand its meaning, but I've learned that sometimes you have to think less and feel more. You'll know when you're doing it right, especially when you leave your heart open.
3. And, if you are in search of an adventure, take the drive through Interstate 5 - you won't be sorry.

Until next time, Los Angeles.

As always: TIYMPC,
Alex Sahinidis