---
layout: post
title:  "The Man in Gray: Mortality, Chance, and the Unknown"
date:   2023-10-10 22:00:00 -0700
categories: jekyll update
published: true
---
Last night, I think I saw my guardian angel in a parking lot.

I had just driven for an hour to Bodega Bay by myself after a stressful day. I like to drive while reflecting on my thoughts, and I was in a contemplative state of mind the entire night.

I parked next to a gray car in a lot overlooking the Bodega Harbor, and then I distinctly remember seeing a man and feeling anxious in that moment. He had gray hair and was wearing a gray tunic and gray pants. His expressionless face hardly looked real, yet it remains vivid in my mind: aged yet strong. He opened the trunk of the gray car next to mine, grabbed a bag, and, just as it felt as though he entered the scene out of nowhere, he disappeared. I was recording my drive at the time. When I reviewed the footage of pulling into the parking lot, the man in gray was absent.

About an hour later, I was driving home at night, in a downpour, through some dark woods on Highway 1. Remorsefully, I was above the posted speed limit, and I've learned my lesson. My car suddenly began to hydroplane for around eight seconds as I was turning left on a windy road surrounded by trees. I began to drift, and as the inertia of my car continued to drag me, I saw the headlights of an oncoming car approaching me. The wheels on the left side of my car left the ground, and at that moment, I thought I was going to tumble sideways into the forest. I forfeited all chances of survival to the wheel in my hands, and somehow managed to regain control of my steering rather than relying on the breaks (which makes hydroplaning worse). I managed to avoid a collision with the car, and try not to think about the terrible consequences had I not.

I don't know how I survived, and I can't stop thinking about the man in gray. His appearance and the circumstances are highly unsettling and unusual. Last night, I think I saw my guardian angel in a parking lot. That, or I saw Death giving me a warning.