---
layout: post
title:  "Adventure is the best way to learn"
date:   2023-09-16 22:00:00 -0700
categories: jekyll update
published: true
---
📍 Los Angeles, CA

Every experience in life offers an oportunity to learn more about the world around us and to be a better human being. Although we all *know* this, adventures are especially prone to this phenomenon. Usually, adventures will not let us decide what we learn or how we grow. That's the point of an adventure.

I cannot put into words what made me want to visit Los Angeles for the first time, especially alone. Maybe it was a combination of different factors, but regardless, I was on the road within one week of deciding that I needed to embark on this journey.

Despite driving alone and not needing to use my voice, Interstate 5 left me speechless. With mountains like gold and a sunset like neapolitan ice cream, I was left wondering when I would be able to make this drive again. California is a special part of this world, and I am lucky to be a part of it.

Currently, I am writing from Motoring Coffee in Los Angeles. It is rare to find somewhere to sit down and sip an espresso, while just feet away from a Ferrari 348 Challenge and a dozen other rare vehicles. There is something special about combining two seemingly unconnected worlds, like coffee and cars: If anyone ever needs an idea for a brick-and-mortar business, consider a museum-themed coffee shop.

On my seven-hour drive to Los Angeles, I must have seen around 200 18-wheelers. If California was its own country, she would boast the 5th largest GDP in the world, proving just how monumental this state is for the American economy. Personally, I have never seen so many trucks on the road, and I haven't lived long enough in California to see what generates so much business.

As a young man from Pittsburgh, it's difficult to comprehend what contributes to California's prosperity. When I walk through the streets of San Francisco, I am faced with the harsh realities of today's inequalities. What prosperity? There is no feeling more sad than seeing countless daughters, sons, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, and, ultimately, someone's loved ones living on the streets of San Francisco. Homelessness and Pittsburgh is oxymoronic, or maybe I am privileged to be able to say that as I grew up in the quaint hills of Mount Lebanon, a community-centric township in Pittsburgh that is known for its "bubble." That said, I had never seen the effects of homelessness until my 21st year on this earth, when I spent a summer in Manhattan.

It might be tempting to be angry, disgusted, or spiteful towards the homeless population. However, I hope we can all acknowledge that sometimes we make poor choices in life. Other times, we've simply been dealt a bad hand. Remember to be kind to those on the streets. We don't know their story. We can guess, but we don't know. In other words, if you're going to throw away that slice of pepperoni pizza that you weren't able to finish, consider passing it off to someone who might need it. I can tell you from experience that the gratifying feeling you get from an act of kindness like this one doesn't disappear with time. If you are a San Francisco local, consider volunteering [here](https://www.sfmfoodbank.org/volunteer/) if you would like to give back to your community.

We all have a moral obligation to try to pick up the man or woman next to us when they've stumbled. It doesn't matter if you're a Christian, a Muslim, an atheist, an agnostic, or if you believe in butterflies. We're all human beings. We've all once fallen in love. We've all ridden a bicycle for the first time. We've all felt shame and grief. We've all laughed and cried. We're human. You, me, and the person sleeping on the street.

At its essence, this essay is not about homelessness. Yes, there are certain points I hope you takeaway about the subject, but I would like to instead close on three final thoughts:
1. There is beauty in the world around us, even if it doesn't make sense (e.g., coffee and cars). The hardest part is allowing yourself to be vulnerable and open to whatever conclusion you end up at. Once you become intentional about seeking beauty, you'll find it.
2. You have a moral obligation to love those around you, regardless of where you've come from or what you believe in. Love is a complicated concept. I am still unsure about whether I truly understand its meaning, but I've learned that sometimes you have to think less and feel more. You'll know when you're doing it right, especially when you leave your heart open.
3. And, if you are in search of an adventure, take the drive through Interstate 5 - you won't be sorry.

As always, TIYMPC